SOURCE: Blind
URL: https://www.teamblind.com/post/bloomberg-interview-process-ymx04b5i
DATE: 2025-09
COMPANY: Bloomberg
---
 
Bloomberg interview process
 
I’m a SWE with 5 years of experience, and I recently interviewed with Bloomberg for a senior SWE role. The process so far: I first did a 45-minute LeetCode screen, which I passed (recruiter confirmed the next day). Earlier this week I had 2 online technical interviews, which I feel went really well.

However, I haven’t heard back yet. From what I know, if I pass the technicals the next step should be 2 rounds of non-technical onsite interviews. Is this timeline normal, or does the silence mean I’ve been rejected or just waiting in line behind other candidates?

And from what I’ve heard, Bloomberg tends to lean toward either new grads or candidates with 10+ years of experience, so I’m not sure if being mid-level (5 YOE) puts me at a disadvantage here.
 
---
 
Comment One:
Bloomberg is a very popular landing spot for burnt out people.
Did you ask your recruiter how the headcount and pipeline situation looks like?
Reply One for Comment One:
Or people who don’t want to worry about getting fired every 3 months
 
Comment Two:
I can't offer much help, but I have never heard that about mid level people.  If you did well, that shouldn't matter.  I would say the timeline is normal.  We move slow here sometimes.  Good luck
Reply One for Comment Two:
I passed the first two rounds and received an invitation for the final two rounds in NYC. HR told me these last two are not technical: one with the hiring manager and one with the skip-level manager. Are these two rounds usually easier to pass?
Reply Two for Comment Two:
How did it go OP? Was it indeed easier?

Comment Three:
How did the in person interviews go?

Comment Four:
Hey did you get the offer?
I finished my technical screen and have the 2/30 minutes virtual onsite. Can you please share the what I should expect in these. 
Also did you have to visit the NYC office for later rounds. If you can please share. Thanks

Comment Five:
How is the interview experience with Bloomberg for screening round ?
I have scheduled that tomorrow

Comment Six:
Can you tell me which location and position did you interview for at bloomberg?