SOURCE: Reddit
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/leetcode/comments/1p1gi4t/google_new_grad_interview_experience/
DATE: 2025-12
COMPANY: Google
---
Google New Grad Interview Experience
Earlier today I completed my first interview round with Google. This was the first time that I've interviewed with a company like them, so I was happily surprised to get here. I do have some internship experience, but I'm now looking for my first full-time role.

Here's how it's gone so far. A few weeks ago I got an online assessment. This was fairly straightforward, and soon after I was asked to schedule my first round of interviews. I scheduled them for a week later, and they consisted of one behaviour and one technical interview, each 45 minutes long. These are what I completed today.

The behavioural interview went fairly well, despite being very nervous for it, but I find it hard to judge these things. I was asked very normal questions, like "how have you handled tight deadlines in the past?" Quite unexpectedly, I was asked a technical question half-way through. The question was reasonable and fit within the remaining time. To the best of my knowledge, I coded it optimally and handled edge cases well.

Then came the proper technical round, and it didn't go as well. I was asked to write a function to do something with a graph, although the input wasn't quite a graph yet. In order, I ran through a few examples with the interviewer, described an algorithm that would likely work, noted an edge case around missing values, clarified the forms of the input and output, and finally started writing an implementation. I found this process to take much longer than expected. My code ended up being ~30 lines without empty space, and I only finished when there was about 5-10 minutes left.

On the positive side, I didn't hesitate or go silent, I talked through my thought process and divided the problem into steps, and I think my implementation was correct, minus a small missing conditional error.

On the negative side, I forgot to state the time and space complexity, and my interviewer didn't ask. He was very quiet throughout. I now realize that my solution was O(n^2) rather than O(n) because I didn't use memoization. Had I more time, I think I would have noticed this. For next time, I need to make sure to note the time complexity even if I'm not asked.

After I was done coding, my interviewer noted a couple missing conditions, which I had spoken about but forgot to type, and then they asked me a follow up question. This question was more systems related, in that it had to do with extending the code to a big-data situation. I gave an answer that, while maybe creative, was not totally practical. Finally, we chatted for a bit over time, and then the interview was over.

Overall, I'm not terribly confident, but happy for the experience. I'll update this post when I hear back.

Update 28/11/2025: I’m moving on to the second round, which consists of two 45-minute technical interviews.

Update 17/12/2025: I had to move the second round to the 15th because I got a nasty flu last week.

The first interview started with a fairly long introduction before I was given a question which involved finding a shortest path on a grid. I completed this in like 10 minutes with a BFS and gave complexities. The follow up was significantly trickier. It required using Dijkstra's in a creative way. I talked about the obvious non-optimal solution first, but I was stumped for a while. I talked to the interviewer about the possibility of a recurrence relationship, but then he started giving me hints in another direction. Or at least I think he was. I had a really hard time understanding what he was saying, and so after a lot of back and forth, I only got to the optimal solution within the last 5 minutes. And that was only because I asked him to explain his thinking with a concrete example, and he started writing something like a Dijkstra's table. I don't think I've ever used a table, but I immediately got the hint after that, and said was could use a priority queue with a specific metric. The interviewer said I didn't need to give an implementation, and he just asked for the time complexity, which I believe I stated correctly. If there was a third follow-up, I didn't get to it.

The second interview went both better and worse. I got to the solutions without hints, but I was really fumbling around with the implementation. The first part required checking if a map was valid for a specific encode/decode procedure. This was easy enough, but along the way, the interviewer caught my assumption that the number strings were in base 10. That was easy enough to fix, because the python int function takes a base argument. Later, I caught my own assumption that the map contained keys for all the values, and so I added a fix before we moved on to a follow-up. This first part took around 25 minutes. The second part involved determining if any map existed for some specific inputs. I quickly realized that the problem was solvable in factorial time by checking permutations. I hadn't practiced much backtracking, and so I fumbled around implementing this for the rest of the interview. With about 5 minutes left, I got an almost perfect solution down. My base case conditional was a bit off because I'd forgot to update it, but that was it. If there was another follow-up, I didn't have time for it. The interview ended and we chatted a bit about interviewer's work. He asked me if I had talked with any teams yet, but I don't think that happens until later. I'm assuming he was being polite.

All in all, it could have gone better, but I didn't bomb it. If I keep practicing LeetCode, I'm confident that I'll do very well next time. For context, I've completed 329 problems over the past 5 years, with most of it from 2023. I know some people say 200 problems is enough, but I think it depends quite a bit on luck. For example, I've never done Dijkstra's on a LeetCode problem, but I had some experience with modifying it for Advent of Code one year. I think more practice is always better so long as you don't get burned out.

Update 9/1/2026: Just moved on to team matching!

Update 2/2/2026: Signed my offer. Hyped!
---
 
Comment One:
How hard was the coding, u wud say?
Reply One for Comment One:
The first question was leetcode easy, and the second was maybe a normal medium.
